If you can't leave, what are you doing?
God, you come to the government.
There is a smelly yellow foot full of beards here.
The fork contained the medicine that the emperor would later write down.
If I plan to help you catch him, the emperor will leave you alone in the future.
Isn't that a place where normal people can go?
Whether you are satisfied or not, you are, whether you are satisfied or not, you are.
Not bad, not bad.
If something happens to my family, my family will rise. If my family rises, it will be me who cannot do it.
Are you still here with your bare legs full of raw materials?
If you don't mean it, I'll beat you to death. Don't even see Goudanzi.
Fill up your feet.
I am informing you now that you have been fired,
Future, are you mistaken?
Don't lose the race in one mile. He will catch up in one mile.
did you make a mistake
Why should he make a mistake?
Whose is he to you?
If you don't dare, you will blame him
Doesn't mean I'm not sorry
I don't care about you here. Change it quickly.
No one wants to give him money
There is also a small chess game
You will wait for us to leave
You can go right away, it's okay
thank you sir
Thank you, I'll give you the money in exchange for this
What the hell is going on?
President of Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Just call the first deputy
you say we
Have you heard, heard, heard
You, the president
Came to Jiangzhou
The entire Shangshang community was moved.
I don’t see you. I don’t know if you’ll be together for a long time. You’ll also be happy to accompany me.
Ah Lao didn't say anything
Let's talk about it in the evening